% CubeSat Web Development Workshop

# Team 1 -- Terminal Emulator

Check out a fresh copy of the code we wrote last time. Note that the
URL has changed to \url{https://github.com/ic-cubesat/cube-gui.git}.

Create a separate page `input.html` which we will use to input
commands (and display output) to/from the CubeSat.

In the first stage this should look like a simple terminal
emulator\footnote{some terminal emulator examples:
\url{http://www.tecmint.com/linux-terminal-emulators/}}:

* The display area is at the top and will show previous commands and
  results
* An input line is provided at the bottom to input commands
* When the user inputs a (valid) command it will be executed (for now
  just print some dummy values or fun quotes as the output)
* When an invalid command is introduced, the terminal should produced

For now commands can be described as:

```
command = <subsystem> <verb> <component>
```

where:

* _subsystem_ represents the subsystem the command refers to
* _verb_ represents an action that we want to apply to the subsystem
  (e.g. `get` to read the status of a component)
* _component_ is component of subsystem with which the command will
  interact

For example:

```
sensors get internal-temperature1
```

_Note_ This command format is subject to change. Try to make the code
you write for processing and validation easy to change.


# Team 2 -- Image Display

Check out a fresh copy of the code we wrote last time. Note that the
URL has changed to \url{https://github.com/ic-cubesat/cube-gui.git}.

In this assignment we will improve our visualization (`index.html`).

First, clean up the code by extracting all JavaScript functions in a
separate file.

## Satellite Motion

Now, display the motion of the satellite along the orbit. Represent
the satellite either as a large(er) ellipsis or as a scaled down image
of a cube sat.

Assume the satellite travels at a constant velocity. The `orbit` is
just a list of (x,y) coordinates on the HTML canvas. Normally we would
have to apply some `projection` algorithm to convert the orbit
coordinates to (x, y) points on the canvas - but let's worry about
this later. You can make this set look more like an orbit if you use
the `sin` function to generate (x, y) pairs.

## Image Gallery

Finally, assume you are given a list of images (and positions at which
they were taken). The position will be specified in (x, y) coordinates
on the HTML canvas.

Display these images along the past and current orbits of the
satellite. You will represent the image as a larger circle on the
trajectory (see the gray dots in `expected.png`). When the user hovers
over this circle with the mouse, the image is loaded and displayed in
a popup.
